Jack:
Jack has proved to be a crucial member of the team with his advanced knowledge of backend programming and his keen work ethic. Jack’s eagerness to complete work to a high standard and support others within the team had a significant positive impact on the project’s quality. Without his support aspects of the project such as the database would not be to the standard. In the future I would be more than welcome to work on any future projects within the same team as my colleague Jack as he has proved himself time and time again to be a dedicated developer. Jacks ability to branch out into all areas of software development, both frontend and backend, has allowed his strengths to shine along with his clear and concise communication in aiding team members in areas they may struggle. Implementing the database would be, in my opinion, one of Jack’s greatest achievements as it significantly boosted the quality of the project allowing for data of individual users and housemates to be effectively stored. If there were any improvements Jack could make when it comes to future products, I would suggest commenting his code in greater depth as there were few areas where the logical aspects of the functions were hard to follow. Apart from that, Jack has shown himself to be an outstanding software developer.
Lucas
Lucas has been a great contributor to the project as I continued to work alongside him on the frontend side of the software. Lucas’ significant work in developing the JavaScript to effectively display categories and orders on the website made him vital in the success of the project.  Lucas has also been avid in terms of productivity, as he has on many occasions shown a high interest in working more efficiently together and having a supportive working environment, where frontend and backend departments would frequently update one another on progress of the program. This too aided in having areas of the project completed on time through the incentive of deadlines to ensure it is produced to a high standard. From beginning to end, Lucas’ determination and keenness has been a question to no one, as with his effective communication throughout the timeline of the project, he has demonstrated his expertise in the frontend of software and how to build a successful team environment. If there were to be any suggestions on how Lucas could further develop himself as a software engineer, I would suggest to broaden his knowledge on the backend of software as well, as this was an area he knew less of compared to the frontend. As well as this, I would perhaps suggest that, in the future, Lucas write more concise code, as his eagerness tended to lead him to write vast quantities of code that could have been made more concise and clear with comments.
Rowan
Rowan has been a vital member to the team and the success of the project, being integral in the development of the backend ensuring  the database seamlessly integrated into the frontend of the software. His ability to develop a strong API and go beyond expectations in assisting the front end in terms of usability made him stand out as an integral member, ensuring his code was completed to a high standard and proficiently planned to perfection. His expertise in Node and JavaScript was clear from the beginning as the project started with excellent efficiency, where the database was developed in outstanding time and to a high standard. His assistance in the frontend was also highly appreciated as he went on to develop the public trolley system in the settings page without hesitation, with it working to the specification required. If I was to make a suggestion on how Rowan could further grow as a software developer I would also suggest for the implementation of more comments in his code, as in some areas, especially to those not as proficient as him in backend related programming, it can be a struggle to follow. His unfamiliarity with GitHub also proved to be a challenge for him at the beginning of the project, however this had minimal impact as with his determination he quickly picked up on how everything works, allowing for a healthy team environment.
