Rowan:
Rowan has been a key member to the Team, going above and beyond what was required. He not only helped establish a solid back end API but when his work was finished he happily started work helping out the front-end team by implementing the API calls and giving ideas on how we could create a more user friendly experience. Throughout our work together he was always transparent on what he was planning to do next and through his expert communication and planning we were able to work simultaneously without issue. Rowans knowledge of Node and React far outweighed mine so having someone to answer any of my questions and help bug fix was crucial to the completion of the project. His help constructing our database diagram was key to effectively put the structure into place as we both knew what the end goal and possible interactions between the tables. Rowans coding ability was reflected by the complex structures he used, partnered with the efficiency of his code, allowing for minimal response times for his API requests even when a large quantity of data was required.
Finding improvements for Rowan is not an easy task as his code and communication have been critical to the projects completion. However, the readability of his code could be improved upon as when working on joint code i sometimes had to ask him to clarify how his more complex functions worked. I believe this could be easily fixed through the use of comments where code becomes convoluted.

Lucas:
Lucas was an integral part to the projects timely completion, spearheading the front end and ensuring the user had an easy experience while navigating through the pages. He ensured a tasteful design as well as an intuitive GUI that the user could use. He established the react server and soon started work on the page after the assignments announcement. This "ready to go" attitude ensured a timely start to the project, allowing us a week to plan before we even wrote any code. Lucas brought a sense of teamwork to the group, uniting us and through high quality planning, enabled us to have a completed prototype extremely similar to the plan we made from Rowans EDR. When Problems arose, Lucas was quick to find alternatives and through his knowledge of react and java script helped fix multiple issues encountered by our team and give guidance on how problems would be best tackled. He completed the majority of the front end work and really helped bring both the front end and back end together seamlessly.
The only Improvement in which i believe Lucas could make would be to make sure he doesn't get carried away coding, jumping ahead of everyone else through pure eagerness. While developing the project Lucas would occasionally do more work than expected, surpassing the progress check and requiring the rest of the team to be informed about what new has happened and what the next steps were. 

Ethan:
Ethan's contributions to the project are not to be missed, his organization skills were clearly present when he organised the first meeting in which we delegated roles and made our first rough plan of the project. Towards the latter stages of the projects completion he was critical in creating a delivery date planner in which a calendar was used to allow users to pick free dates for there products to be delivered. This was implemented swiftly and effectively allowing us to complete the project in a time full manner. His ability was clearly shown throughout his code, using a combination of imported modules and his own code to effectively tailor a personalised solution to the problem. He outlined the need for readability of code but also preached a GUI style that would allow users of all ages and understanding to grasp. The clever use of a calendar system catered to the needs of those who may be visually impaired as the large box layout stood out on the page. He single handily completed this page to a extremely high standard.  
I think an improvement Ethan could make would come in the form of communication. There were periods throughout the completion of the project where Ethan was not easy to get a hold of. With such a complex timeline of 4 people creating 1 project this is understandable however i believe that some communication before a busy period would be helpful to ensure the project runs in the desired time frame. 

